### Open Reading Frame
<p>An open reading frame is a portion of a DNA molecule that, when translated into amino acids, contains no stop codons. The genetic code reads DNA sequences in groups of three base pairs, which means that a double-stranded DNA molecule can read in any of six possible reading frames--three in the forward direction and three in the reverse. A long open reading frame is likely part of a gene.</p>

<p>It is the length of DNA, or RNA, which is transcribed into RNA, through which the ribosome can travel, adding one amino acid after another before it runs into a codon that doesn't code for any amino acid. And when that happens, it confuses the ribosome, and the ribosome stops. So you'll be pleased to hear that codons, which make that happen are called stop codons, and a stop codon ends an open reading frame. So an open reading frame is sometimes 300 amino acids long, and sometimes maybe it's 600, and sometimes it's longer. The longer an open reading frame is, the longer you get before you get to a stop codon, the more likely it is to be part of a gene which is coding for a protein. Now the finally confusing thing about an open reading frame is that because the codons are three nucleic acids long and DNA has two strands, the ribosome can read an RNA derived from one strand or another, and it can read it in 1-2-3s that are separated one from another so you can actually get three reading frames reading in one direction, three reading frames going in the other direction. So it's actually six different reading frames for every piece of DNA, which might give you an open reading frame.</p>

### Reference
- [Open Reading Frame](https://www.genome.gov/genetics-glossary/Open-Reading-Frame)